In this section, you're going to cover some best practice workflows so that you can get more out of
cursor.
So regardless of what type of programming language you're using, you'll be able to maximize the outputs
you get from using any AI code generation tool, including cursor.
You'll explore best practices like using different models for planning software development workflow
tasks, versus using a different model for actually executing the code generation and doing the work.
You'll also find out how to easily discover what is the best model at the current time, so that you
can easily switch to that model inside of cursor.
Also, we'll look at why adding comments is really important to improving cursors.
Code base indexing feature.
You'll also learn how to easily configure cursor so that you can tell it to avoid making the same mistakes
when you run into similar problems.
Also, we'll show you how to easily analyze code for your own learning purposes and many more.